doc: how to enable vivante tensor filter (#2416)
nnstreamer/nnstreamer: ext/nnstreamer/tensor_filter/vivante/README.md

For more details, please refer to the below repository.
 * https://www.github.com/nnstreamer/reference-models (TODO) - Press 'models' folder.

### Enable Vivante tensor filter

> Since the Vivante tensor filter is dependent on the low-level libraries of Vivante NPU Toolkit,

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
Since the Vivante tensor filter depends on the low-level libraries of Vivante NPU Toolkit,
```

Author: updated.

the Vivante tensor filter is disabled by default. If you want to enable the Vivante tensor filter,

> You need to modify the "vivante_support 0" statement in the ./packaging/nnstreamer.spec file in case of Tizen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable the Vivante tensor filter in Tizen, you need to modify the "vivante_support 0" statement in the ./packaging/nnstreamer.spec file.
```

Author: updated.
